Wait until dawn.
I’ll personally have him thrown into the dungeon.
Yes.
Your Highness! Your Highness!
Your Highness, what’s the rush?
Chun Lan has implicated Lin Guiren.
She’s been taken away by Wang Momo.
What? What’s happening?
Lin Guiren bribed Chun Lan.
They’re from the same clan.
Lin Guiren’s family name is Li.
Chun Lan’s full name is Li Chun Lan.
When Rong Guifei saw the roster,
she immediately guessed.
Fool! What should we do now?
At dawn, Li Guiren will be thrown into the dungeon.
She will definitely implicate you.
Li Guiren was just a tool of Rong Guifei.
In the end, she was silenced by Rong Guifei.
No, we can’t wait until dawn.
Your Highness, Guiren just got herself involved.